So going forward, so we need to destroy the stark frame of the function F three from the stark memory,
and we need to restore the old values of Stackpole to register based upon the register and instruction
point to register.
So this is our goal.
So stop number one.
That is, we need to first pop out all the local variables from the stack frame three.
So we will destroy or free the stack mamady, occupied by this local variables, we do this by simply
incrementing the stack pointer register value so you can see that the stack one to register value has
been incremented twice so that the stack mamady, occupied by local variables is now freed.
Actually, nothing is freed because we have increased the value of stack winter.
It means that any memory which is there in the stack.
Will set to be free if it is beyond that stark to register address, so any memory which is below the
stack to register in the stack memory will always be said to be a free memory, right.
So with this, we have pop out all the local variables by simply implementing the stack pointers to
value such that the stack pointer register points to the address where best pointer of the caller stack
frame was safe.
Now in step to copy the caller's best address into SBP Register.
Right.
So we know that the caller's best address is saved in the stack frame of the cauli, right.
So what we will do in step two, that we will copy this value into the best pointer register.
So the content of the base pointer register will be updated from address 36 to address sixty eight means
that base pointer register now points to the memory location of address sixty in the stack memory.
So we have restored the original value of base point to register and after restoring the original value
of base point to register, we can simply free the stack memory by simply incrementing the stack pointer.
So you can see that step two actually involves two steps.
So M.V. hit the stands for Move.
Move means you are copying the contents of second argument into the first argument.
Now at this point of time, the content of stack pointer register is thirty six.
So it means that we are copying the content, which is at at least 36 into the base point to register.
So the content, which is at 36, is 60, so this instruction simply means that we are copying 60 into
base point to register.
And by using the pop operation will free up the stack memory and update the stack pointer to point to
the higher address.
So stack pointer will now be incremented to point to the Atlas 40 in the stack memory.
Right.
So so far, we have restored the value of base pointer register.
Now in step number three, we will restore the caller's lost instruction address in the IP register.
Right.
So the last instruction Atlas was saved in the call is a stark frame.
So what we will do in this step is that we will copy.
The the value of IP register in the Collie's stack frame into the IP register, right?
So the IP register now stores the address of the instruction.
From where the caller function has to resume its execution when he returns.
Now, since that, we have also restored the value of IP register.
We can destroy this Astatke memory as well by simply incrementing that stack pointer register.
Right.
And now, as a final step, we will simply pop out all the arguments popping out, all the arguments
can be simply achieved by simply implementing this checkpoint to register.
So point that Israel will now point to the bottommost address of the stack mummery.
So Stackpole to register now points to the end address of the stack frame or function after.
So you can see that we have restored the value of his checkpoint to register, we have restored the
value of base point to register, and we have restored the value of instruction point to register.
And we have destroyed this track frame of the function free from the stack mummery.
Right.
So Stack frame three is completely destroyed now.
Now, at this point of time, stack frame after two is restored, function after can now resume its
execution as normal.
Right.
So from which instruction will the function after will resume its execution simply add one to the value
of instruction point to register.
We will get the address of the next instruction to be executed.
So you can see that when the function returns, we need to destroy the stack frame of that particular
function from the stack memory.
And we need to restore the value of these three basic registers so that the function can resume its
execution.
Similarly, now I leave it as an exercise to you that whole stack frame of the function after will be
destroyed and what will be the content of IPB and Espina disturbs when the function EF1 will resume
its execution after function after returns.